README.md, before:

# Privacy Chess ♔

Ever get tired of chess.com sharing your catastrophic blunders with the world? Introducing privacy-chess, an end-to-end encrypted chess game
using the [tari](https://github.com/tari-project/tari) testnet network and no servers!

## Build

`cargo build --release`

Dependencies: 

```
libasound-dev 
libxcb-shape0-dev
libxcb-xfixes0-dev
```

## Usage

Install the tor proxy. On mac use `brew install tor`.
The tor proxy is automatically started.

```shell
# Simply run p2p-chess, `.p2pchess` will be created in that folder with your secret network identity
# and saved games.
p2p-chess

# If you prefer to use an existing tor proxy, use:
p2p-chess --local-tor-control-port <tor_control_port> # or -t 9051 for short
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1057902/168811990-094690ea-f96a-43c3-9b7a-5d30256664e9.png)

## Status

This is very alpha toy software and has been put together as quickly as possible. There are bugs and there are
no guarantees that you'll be able to finish each game. Bug reports and PRs are appreciated!

Commit message:

ci: Initial native Build of binaries (#8)
* Add build requirements

* git ignore OSX .DS_Store files

* Add ToDo and Troubleshooting

* Init draft of CI

* Fix cargo action

* Update Ubuntu install packages

* Remove older comments and fix verion location

README.md, after:

# Privacy Chess ♔

Ever get tired of chess.com sharing your catastrophic blunders with the world? Introducing privacy-chess, an end-to-end encrypted chess game
using the [tari](https://github.com/tari-project/tari) testnet network and no servers!

## Build

`cargo build --release`

Dependencies:

```
libasound-dev
libxcb-shape0-dev
libxcb-xfixes0-dev
libxkbcommon-dev
```

## Usage

Install the tor proxy.
The tor proxy is automatically started, if the binary is in your `PATH`.

On mac, if [brew](https://brew.sh/) is installed, from the command line run `brew install tor`.

```shell
# Simply run p2p-chess, `.p2pchess` will be created in that folder with your secret network identity
# and saved games.
p2p-chess

# If you prefer to use an existing tor proxy, use:
p2p-chess --local-tor-control-port <tor_control_port> # or -t 9051 for short
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1057902/168811990-094690ea-f96a-43c3-9b7a-5d30256664e9.png)

## Status

This is very alpha toy software and has been put together as quickly as possible. There are bugs and there are
no guarantees that you'll be able to finish each game. Feedback, Bug reports and/or PRs are appreciated!

## Troubleshooting

Apple users might need to accept Gatekeeper security warning - [Safely open apps on your Mac](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202491)

## ToDo

- CI for binary releases
  - Apple - Intel (x86-64)
  - Apple - M1 (ARM64)
  - Linux - x86-64
  - Linux - ARM64
  - Windows
- Improve the binary release
  - include signed
  - execution enabled
  - archived
  - include checksums for verification
